Source: https://www.usbank.com/home-loans/mortgage/mortgage-rates/california.html

Mortgage rates in California | U.S. Bank Skip to main content Log in About us Financial education Support Locations How can we help you? Apply for a new account. U.S. Bank Smart Assistant Today’s CD Rates. Log in How can we help you? Apply for a new account. U.S. Bank Smart Assistant Today’s CD Rates. Locations Support Financial Education About us Personal Return to Main Menu Personal Bank accounts Return to
                                                                Bank accounts Bank accounts Bank Smartly® Checking account Safe Debit account Savings accounts Money market accounts CDs Debit Cards Visa gift cards Mobile & online features Explore checking accounts Explore bank accounts Credit cards Return to
                                                                Credit cards Credit cards View all credit cards Cash+ Visa Signature Card Altitude Go Visa Signature Card Shield Visa Card Smartly Visa Signature Card Altitude Connect Visa Signature Card Shopper Cash Rewards Visa Signature Card Altitude Go Secured Visa Card Cash+ Secured Visa Card Secured Visa Card Small Business credit cards ExtendPay Plan ExtendPay Loan Investing and retirement Return to
                                                                Investing and retirement Investing and retirement Automated Investor Online investing Investment management Retirement planning IRAs & 401(k) rollovers Financial goals Explore all services Personal loans & lines Return to
                                                                Personal loans & lines Personal loans & lines Loans & credit lines Personal loan calculator Debt consolidation Debt consolidation calculator Home repair financing Private seller vehicle loans Home loans Return to
                                                                Home loans Home loans Mortgages Today's mortgage rates Refinancing Mortgage calculators Home equity First-time home buyers Home improvement loans Manage my mortgage Mortgage help and repayment Vehicle loans Return to
                                                                Vehicle loans Vehicle loans Auto loans Auto loan calculator RV loans Boat loans Lease servicing Dealer finance Vehicle Manager Mobile and online Return to
                                                                Mobile and online Mobile and online Mobile & online features U.S. Bank Mobile App Personal spending tracker Savings goal tracker Wealth Management Return to Main Menu Wealth Management Our services Return to
                                                                Our services Our services Investment management Wealth planning Trusts & estates Banking Insurance Charitable giving Explore our services Investing Return to
                                                                Investing Investing Investment management IRA Online investing Explore all investing options Your goals Return to
                                                                Your goals Your goals Plan for retirement Fund an education Pay for a major life event or purchase Leave a legacy Explore all financial goals Advisors & wealth teams Return to
                                                                Advisors & wealth teams Advisors & wealth teams Find a financial advisor or wealth specialist Explore our wealth teams Private Wealth Management Return to
                                                                Private Wealth Management Private Wealth Management Our approach Leadership team Client groups & featured professions Find a financial advisor or wealth specialist Find an office Explore Private Wealth Management Our perspectives Return to
                                                                Our perspectives Our perspectives Market news Investing insights Financial planning Retirement planning Trust & estate planning Explore our perspectives Explore Wealth Management Return to
                                                                Explore Wealth Management Explore Wealth Management Explore Wealth Management Business Return to Main Menu Business Explore business banking Return to
                                                                Explore business banking Explore business banking Explore business banking Business bank accounts Return to
                                                                Business bank accounts Business bank accounts Explore business bank accounts Business checking Business savings and money market accounts Business CDs Online banking Mobile banking Business credit cards Return to
                                                                Business credit cards Business credit cards View all business credit cards Triple Cash Rewards Visa® Business Card Business Platinum Card Business Altitude® Connect Visa Signature® Card Business Altitude® Power Visa Signature® Card Business Leverage® Visa Signature® Card U.S. Bank Spend Management Pay over time Business loans and lines Return to
                                                                Business loans and lines Business loans and lines Explore loans & lines Business loans Business lines of credit SBA loans Equipment financing Practice financing Business services Return to
                                                                Business services Business services Explore business services Cash management Payroll services Business shared access Fraud protection Legal services Gift cards Business payments Return to
                                                                Business payments Business payments Accepting payments Making payments Merchant services Tax payments Business prepaid cards Business industry expertise Return to
                                                                Business industry expertise Business industry expertise Explore by business industry Agriculture Healthcare Nonprofit Manufacturing Personal services Professional services Restaurant Retail Specialty contractors Explore business resources Return to
                                                                Explore business resources Explore business resources Explore business resources Business life stages Online & mobile banking Return to
                                                                Online & mobile banking Online & mobile banking Online banking Mobile banking Corporate & Commercial Return to Main Menu Corporate & Commercial Explore corporate & commercial Return to
                                                                Explore corporate & commercial Explore corporate & commercial Explore corporate & commercial Why choose us Contact us Solutions Return to
                                                                Solutions Solutions Explore our solutions Capital markets Credit & financing International services Liquidity & investments Treasury & payments Return to
                                                                Treasury & payments Treasury & payments Explore payment solutions Corporate payment services Treasury management Embedded payments Payment processing Digital channels Industries Return to
                                                                Industries Industries Explore industry expertise Aerospace & defense Aviation Commercial real estate Financial institutions Healthcare Public sector banking Transportation Travel & hospitality Insights Return to
                                                                Insights Insights Explore our insights Credit and finance Institutional investing International Payments Risk and regulation CFO Insights Report Newsletter subscription Account login Return to
                                                                Account login Account login Access accounts Client support Institutional Return to Main Menu Institutional Explore institutional Return to
                                                                Explore institutional Explore institutional Explore institutional U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc. Contact us Custody solutions Return to
                                                                Custody solutions Custody solutions Explore custody solutions Cash liquidity management Custody asset servicing Employee benefits services Institutional trustee services Reinsurance trust services Global corporate trust Return to
                                                                Global corporate trust Global corporate trust Explore global corporate trust Collateralized loan obligations (CLO) Corporate escrow services Corporate finance services Default services Document custody services Money market services Public finance services Structured finance services Global fund services Return to
                                                                Global fund services Global fund services Explore global fund services Alternative investment solutions Exchange traded funds and products Global asset manager solutions Mutual fund solutions Private equity fund solutions Registered investment advisor solutions Account login Return to
                                                                Account login Account login Access accounts Pivot client portal Close
                        Main Menu Location Locations Branch Branches ATM locations ATM locator Home loans / Mortgage loans / Mortgage rates / Mortgage rates in California Home loans / Mortgage loans / Mortgage rates / Mortgage rates in California Today’s mortgage rates in California Compare California mortgage rates. The following tables are updated daily with current mortgage rates for the most common types of home loans. Compare loan terms to find the one that’s right for you or see rates for a variety of refinancing options. See refinance rates Today’s 30-year fixed mortgage rates 6.490% Rate 6.666% APR 1 Learn how these rates and APRs are calculated. Plus, see a conforming fixed-rate estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details . Find mortgage rates by state. Enter a state Enter a state Show rates Please enter a valid U.S. state. Please enter a valid U.S. state. These rates, APRs, monthly payments and points are current as of 04/29/2025 and may change at any time. They assume you have a FICO ® Score of 740+ and a specific down payment amount as noted below for each product. They also assume the loan is for a single-family home as your primary residence and you will purchase up to one mortgage discount point in exchange for a lower interest rate. Connect with a mortgage loan officer to learn more about mortgage points. Compare a variety of mortgage types by selecting one or more of the following. Conventional fixed-rate Adjustable-rate FHA VA Jumbo Conventional fixed-rate loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 30-year 6.490% 6.666% $2,929 0.947 Learn more Prequalify 20-year 6.125% 6.332% $3,357 0.773 Learn more Prequalify 15-year 5.875% 6.124% $3,884 0.720 Learn more Prequalify 10-year 5.625% 6.037% $5,064 0.992 Learn more Prequalify Conventional fixed-rate loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 30-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $2,929 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.490% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.666% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.947 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 20-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $3,357 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.125% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.332% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.773 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 15-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $3,884 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 5.875% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.124% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.720 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 10-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $5,064 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 5.625% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.037% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.992 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $464,000 and a down payment of at least 25%. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see a conforming fixed-rate estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details. Conforming adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 10/6 mo 7.000% 7.220% $3,087 0.922 Learn more Prequalify 7/6 mo 6.125% 6.767% $2,819 0.811 Learn more Prequalify Conforming adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. 10/6 mo Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $3,087 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 7.000% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 7.220% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.922 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. 7/6 mo Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $2,819 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.125% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.767% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.811 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $464,000 and a down payment of at least 25%. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see an ARM estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details . Jumbo adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 10/1 yr 6.250% 6.595% $5,787 0.970 Learn more Prequalify 7/1 yr 6.250% 6.638% $5,787 0.665 Learn more Prequalify 5/1 yr 6.250% 6.716% $5,787 0.850 Learn more Prequalify Jumbo adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. 10/1 yr Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $5,787 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.250% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.595% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.970 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. 7/1 yr Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $5,787 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.250% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.638% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.665 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. The numbers shown (for example, 10/1 or 10/6) represent the fixed-rate period (10 years) and the adjustment period of the variable rate (either every year or every six months). ARM rates, APRs and monthly payments are subject to increase after the initial fixed-rate period of five, seven, or 10 years and assume a 30-year term. 5/1 yr Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $5,787 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.250% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.716% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.850 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $940,000 and a down payment of at least 25%. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see an ARM estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details. Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 30-year 6.125% 7.002% $1,761 0.749 Learn more Prequalify Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 30-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $1,761 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.125% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 7.002% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.749 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $270,019 and a down payment of at least 3.5%. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see an FHA estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details. Veterans Affairs (VA) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 30-year 6.125% 6.462% $1,638 0.524 Learn more Prequalify Veterans Affairs (VA) loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 30-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $1,638 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.125% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 6.462% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.524 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $270,072 and no down payment. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see a VA estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details. Jumbo loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 30-year 6.875% 7.037% $6,175 0.760 Learn more Prequalify 20-year 7.000% 7.239% $7,287 0.960 Learn more Prequalify 15-year 6.750% 7.009% $8,318 0.740 Learn more Prequalify Jumbo loans Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 30-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $6,175 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.875% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 7.037% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.760 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 20-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $7,287 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 7.000% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 7.239% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.960 Learn more Prequalify Term The term is the amount of time you have to pay back the loan. 15-year Monthly payment The monthly payment shown is made up of principal and interest. It does not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. The monthly payment obligation will be greater if taxes and insurance are included. $8,318 Rate The interest rate is the amount your lender charges you for using their money. It's shown as a percentage of your principal loan amount. ARM loan rates are based on an index and margin and may adjust as outlined in your agreement. 6.750% APR 1 The annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased or decreased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) loans. 7.009% Points Mortgage points, or discount points, are a form of prepaid interest you can choose to pay up front in exchange for a lower interest rate and monthly payment. One mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. 0.740 Learn more Prequalify The rates and monthly payments shown are based on a loan amount of $940,000 and a down payment of at least 25%. Learn more about how these rates, APRs and monthly payments are calculated. Plus, see a jumbo estimated monthly payment and APR example. Get more details. Need help choosing the right mortgage option? If you’re shopping for a home mortgage but aren’t sure about your options, it may be time to find a mortgage loan officer. A mortgage loan officer can offer you guidance on choosing the right loan for your specific needs. Connect with a mortgage loan officer Living in the Golden State As one of the largest states in the country, California has it all. From Hollywood to Yosemite National Park, beachfront towns to wine country, Californians can find plenty to see and explore. California first-time homebuyer programs First-time homebuyer assistance programs in California and across the U.S. offer loans, grants, tax credits and down payment assistance . But availability and qualification requirements can vary. Contact your U.S. Bank mortgage loan officer for more information about programs available in California. Find a mortgage loan officer in California. Our local mortgage loan officers understand the specifics of the California. Let us help you navigate the home-buying process, so you can focus on finding your dream home. Find a mortgage loan officer Ready to buy the home you love? Step 1 Get prequalified for a basic estimate of what you may be able to borrow. Prequalify Step 2 Start your application if you’ve found a home you love. Start your application Get answers to frequently asked questions about mortgage rates. What is a good interest rate on a mortgage? When shopping around for mortgage rates, consider not only the interest rate, but also the other terms of the loan, like annual percentage rates (APRs), fees and closing costs. Comparing loan details from multiple lenders will help you determine the best deal for your situation. Should I lock my mortgage rate today? Mortgage rates change often and can be unpredictable. You may want to consider locking your mortgage rate if: Rates are rising: If rates are trending upward for several weeks or months, locking your rate will ensure it doesn’t rise further than the rate you qualified for. The Federal Reserve is meeting: A Federal Reserve meeting could mean an increase in rates. You may want to consider locking your rate before that meeting occurs in case of a potential rate increase. You want financial certainty: A locked rate will ensure you don’t encounter unexpected changes to your estimated monthly mortgage payment. Your closing date is set: Locking your rate is a smart move if your closing date is set and you don’t anticipate any delays. How long can you lock in a mortgage rate? The exact lock period may vary, but typically you can lock in a mortgage rate for 30 to 60 days. If the rate lock expires, you’re no longer guaranteed the locked-in rate unless the lender agrees to extend it. It’s possible for your initial rate lock to be voided if things like your credit score, loan amount, debt-to-income ratio or appraisal value change during the lock period. Can you negotiate mortgage rates? Depending on your credit qualifications and if you’re willing to get quotes from multiple lenders, you may be able to negotiate for a lower mortgage rate. Buying mortgage points is another way to get a lower rate if your lender provides this option. You may be able to pay a percentage of the interest up front to lower your interest rate and monthly payment. A mortgage point is equal to about 1% of your total loan amount, so on a $250,000 loan, one point would cost you about $2,500. How are mortgage rates determined? Lenders set the interest rates for their own loan products based on influence from the Federal Reserve, the economy and consumer demand. If the Federal Reserve raises or lowers the short-term rates to guide the economy, lenders may adjust their mortgage rates as well. Individual circumstances like credit score, down payment and income, as well as varying levels of risk and operational expenses for lenders, can also affect mortgage rates. How often do mortgage rates change? Mortgage rates can fluctuate daily. There are several factors that can influence interest rates, like inflation, the bond market and the overall housing market. Take the next step Start your application Call 866-915-0339 Request a call Find a mortgage loan officer Start of disclosure content Disclosures Loan approval is subject to credit approval and program guidelines. Not all loan programs are available in all states for all loan amounts. Interest rate and program terms are subject to change without notice. Mortgage, Home Equity and Credit products are offered through U.S. Bank National Association. Deposit products are offered through U.S. Bank National Association. Member FDIC. Start of disclosure content Footnote Return to content, Footnote Footnote 1 Annual percentage rate (APR) represents the true yearly cost of your loan, including any fees or costs in addition to the actual interest you pay to the lender. The APR may be increased after the closing date for adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans. Return to content, Footnote 1 Start of disclosure content The rates shown above are the current rates for the purchase of a single-family primary residence based on a 45-day lock period. These rates are not guaranteed and are subject to change. This is not a credit decision or a commitment to lend. Your final rate will depend on various factors including loan product, loan size, credit profile, property value, geographic location, occupancy and other factors. To lock a rate , you must submit an application to U.S. Bank and receive confirmation from a mortgage loan officer that your rate is locked. An application can be made by calling 866-915-0339 , by starting it online or by meeting with a mortgage loan officer. Minnesota properties: To guarantee a rate, you must receive written confirmation as required by Minnesota Statute 47.206. This statement of current loan terms and conditions is not an offer to enter into an interest rate or discount point agreement. Any such offer may be made only pursuant to subdivisions 3 and 4 of Minnesota Statutes Section 47.206. Equal Housing Lender Support Security Financial education Site map Careers Accessibility Online tracking & advertising Privacy Your privacy choices Cobrowse U.S. Bank 800 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55402 © 2025 U.S. Bank end of main Give feedback